hi walking sink scuba this is the dive
right stand and harness and cooking
you're gonna run through what you get in
the pack and how it fits on to it on a
back plate sound a pack you're going to
get a single piece of two inch webbing
you're gonna get for little sleeves and
these are basically an abrasion pads
that the waving runs through when it
fits through the back plate stainless
steel buckle bit of waste for sliders
for attaching the d-rings
and then you're gonna get to pre bent
stainless steel d-rings and two standard
earrings so quickly run through now how
to actually put the harness together
since they're the harness is very simple
to assemble very few steps as you're
required to fit it all together I've
basically a simple one side just so you
can see what the finished product should
look like so start it off you've got the
coming from the back you've got a
webbing pair for a diagonal back through
the front and then over the shoulder and
they just didn't there you've got one of
these sleeves just to give it some wear
protection and then on the shoulder
strap you've got pre bent d-ring with a
pre bent so it will stand up much easy
to clip onto that's located on the
shoulder where you need it coming
through down to the waist you going
through on the you know slot and then
back out again you've got one of these
sleeves in there and then you've just
got the waist d-ring on a slider they're
very quick together put together
obviously just at the end you're gonna
trim it and to finish it off to your
particular size so just to finish it off
on the other side there take one of
sliders and a prebend degree
slide it through make sure your d-ring
it's going to stand up when you're done
roughly where you need it pass it
through and then you've got a diva on
there
take your sleeve slide it on and then
you're going to go from the inside slot
pass it through till you've got your
sleeve
about halfway fruit and then pass it
back through the other side pull that
tight those sleeves in there keeps it
nice and secure take you around a slider
and d-ring about roughly where you need
it slide it through and then you've got
a d-ring on there so that's the harness
the only thing you've got left to do if
you buy a quater strap at the same time
you can obviously fit that goes through
the back of the back plate who knows you
got the loop at the front we should pass
through on the waistband and all we need
to do just fit the buckle buckle just
passes through from the back and then
basically work your way towards the
front
and then just finish it off just make a
bit of space on that first loop pass it
back through and that's secure the back
was on there you're fitting a cop strap
you can also slide it onto that point
and that's the highest finish it's a
very very quick setup or so you're gonna
take some more time just to finish off
getting the right fit for you putting it
through as you need and then trimming
off and finishing the the webbing it's
very very quick just that the final step
of fitting it to you that's the dog
right standard harness